Add API changes notes (#191)
mavlink/MAVSDK-docs: en/cpp/api_changes.md

# API Changes

This page tracks changes between versions.

> It covers both breaking (incompatible) and non-breaking changes.

Reviewer: @julianoes I removed the note about not wanting to break - that is implied in all software IMO.

## Semantic Versioning

MAVSDK follows [semver/Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) conventions where as possible.

The version number has the format: **major.minor.patch**.
Individual parts of the number are iterated when the:

- **major**: API is changed, or functionality is removed.
- **minor**: API is extended, functionality is added.
- **patch**: API is not changed, functionality is not changed, but a bug is fixed.

This means that breaking changes to the API result in a bump of the major version number (e.g. 1.4.3 to 2.0.0).

> **Note** At time of writing, breaking/incompatible changes *are not* resulting in the major version number being increased! 
  We plan to release version 1.0.0 in the near future, after which the above strategy will be adopted (i.e. currently breaking changes can occur in both minor and patch releases).

## Specific Transition Notices

> ### v0.24.0 to v0.25.0

Reviewer: Make this heading v0.25.0 - ie changes coming into this release.

There are several changes in this release because the C++ plugins are now partially auto-generated from the proto files. While this causes some painful changes, it has several advantages:
- Better consistency between C++ and other languages for naming/docs/functionality.
- Missing features for language wrappers such as Python.

> ### General

Reviewer: Is this part of the above section or is this "General changes prior to v0.24 for which you can't attribute a release"?

Assumming the second, perhaps we should say so - ie name as "Accumulated recent changes (prior to v0.24.0)"?

Author: No this is specifically for v0.24 to v0.25, so the autogeneration stuff that we're working on now.

Reviewer: OK, then heading level was wrong. I fixed it up. I also made the (arguable) move of removing the heading grouping each version. I think it works better.

  Old:
  ```cpp
  typedef std::function<void(Result)> result_callback_t;

  upload_mission_async(std::vector<std::shared_ptr<MissionItem>> items, result_callback_t callback);
  ```
  New:
  ```cpp
  struct MissionPlan {
      std::vector<MissionItem> mission_items;
  }

  upload_mission_async(Mission::MissionPlan mission_plan, result_callback_t callback);
  ```

- Similarly to download a mission:

  Old:
  ```cpp
  typedef std::function<void(Result, std::vector<MissionItem>)> mission_items_and_result_callback_t;

  download_mission_async(mission_items_and_result_callback_t, callback)
  ```
  New:
  ```cpp
  typedef std::function<void(Result, MissionPlan)> download_mission_callback_t;
  void download_mission_async(const Mission::download_mission_callback_t& callback);
  ```

  > **Tip** There are now also sync methods to upload and download a mission: `upload_mission` and `download_mission`.

- Some methods now return a `std::pair<Result, bool>` instead of just a `bool` to cover the case where a request fails.

  Old:
  ```cpp
  bool mission_finished();
  ```
  New:
  ```cpp
  std::pair<Result, bool> is_mission_finished();
  ```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

### Calibration

The results `IN_PROGRESS` and `INSTRUCTION` disappear in favor of `Next`. Now, `Success` means that the function finished successfully, `Next` represents a new element of the stream and all the other results mean that the function finished with an error (described by the result).

```

### Geofence

#### Methods

Old:
```
send_geofence_async(...);
```
New:
```
upload_geofence_async(...);
```
Or:
```
upload_geofence(...);

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

### Calibration

The results `IN_PROGRESS` and `INSTRUCTION` disappear in favor of `Next`. Now, `Success` means that the function finished successfully, `Next` represents a new element of the stream and all the other results mean that the function finished with an error (described by the result).
```

Reviewer 2: Hmm I thought it was clever to add it through the github UI, but I apparently can't keep ``` in the suggestion :sweat_smile:

> **Note** At time of writing, breaking/incompatible changes *are not* resulting in the major version number being increased!
  We plan to release version 1.0.0 in the near future, after which the above strategy will be adopted (i.e. currently breaking changes can occur in both minor and patch releases).

## v0.25.0

There are several changes in this release (from v0.24.0) because the C++ plugins are now partially auto-generated from the proto files. While this causes some painful changes, it has several advantages:
- Better consistency between C++ and other languages for naming/docs/functionality.
- Missing features for language wrappers such as Python.

### General

#### Enums

- Enum naming is now `CamelCase` instead of `ALL_UPPERCASE`:

  `Action::RESULT` -> `Action::Result`

  `Telemetry::FLIGHT_MODE` -> `Telemetry::FlightMode`

- Printing of enums is easier:

  Old:
  ```
  std::cout << flight_mode_str(flight_mode);
  ```
  New:
  ```
  std::cout << flight_mode;
  ```

#### Methods

Methods returning a bool are now mostly prefixed with `is_`. E.g. `is_health_ok` instead of `health_ok`.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Methods representing an infinite stream (i.e. that take a callback repeatedly receiving events, until they get unsubscribed) are now prefixed with `subscribe_` instead of being suffixed with `_async`. For instance, `position_async(...)` is now `subscribe_position(...)`. Finite streams keep the `_async` suffix, e.g. `calibrate_magnetometer_async(...)`.

```

Author: I've copied that into my local changes, thx.

## Semantic Versioning

MAVSDK follows [semver/Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) conventions where as possible.

The version number has the format: **major.minor.patch**.
Individual parts of the number are iterated when the:

- **major**: API is changed, or functionality is removed.
- **minor**: API is extended, functionality is added.
- **patch**: API is not changed, functionality is not changed, but a bug is fixed.

This means that breaking changes to the API result in a bump of the major version number (e.g. 1.4.3 to 2.0.0).

> **Note** At time of writing, breaking/incompatible changes *are not* resulting in the major version number being increased!
  We plan to release version 1.0.0 in the near future, after which the above strategy will be adopted (i.e. currently breaking changes can occur in both minor and patch releases).

## v0.25.0

There are several changes in this release (from v0.24.0) because the C++ plugins are now partially auto-generated from the proto files. While this causes some painful changes, it has several advantages:
- Better consistency between C++ and other languages for naming/docs/functionality.

> - Missing features for language wrappers such as Python.

Reviewer 2: "Missing features" does not sound like an advantage to me. What about something like:

```suggestion
- Automatically propagate features to language wrappers such as Python.
```

> **Note** It's also worth looking at the integration tests and examples between the versions to see how things changed: [GitHub diff view](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK/compare/v0.24.0...v0.25.0).

The notes below try to give an overview over the changes as well as give some background on why they were deemed to be necessary.

### General Changes

#### Enums

- Enum naming is now `CamelCase` instead of `ALL_UPPERCASE`:

  `Action::RESULT` -> `Action::Result`

  `Telemetry::FLIGHT_MODE` -> `Telemetry::FlightMode`

> **Note** For enums, there is also a [script](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK/blob/v0.25.0/tools/rename-enums-to-camelcase.sh) that you can run to fix them in one batch.

>   The reasoning behind this change is to avoid clashse with macros. For instance we had conflicts with `ERROR` or `SOCKET_ERROR` on Windows ([issue](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK/issues/953)).

Reviewer 2: clashse -> clashes

```suggestion
  The reasoning behind this change is to avoid clashes with macros. For instance we had conflicts with `ERROR` or `SOCKET_ERROR` on Windows ([issue](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK/issues/953)).
```

Old:
```
typedef std::function<void(int)> foo_callback_t;
```

New:
```
using FooCallback = std::function<void(int)>;
```

This change was decided in order to move with the [modern C++ recommendation](https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html#Aliases) as much as possible and also allow it to be used with templates.

#### Methods

- Methods representing an infinite stream (i.e. that take a callback repeatedly receiving events, until they get unsubscribed) are now prefixed with `subscribe_` instead of being suffixed with `_async`.

  Old:
  ```
  telemetry->position_async(...);
  ```

  New:
  ```
  telemetry->subscribe_position(...);
  ```
  Finite streams keep the `_async` suffix, e.g. `calibrate_magnetometer_async(...)`.

  The reasoning is that it makes infinite streams clearly distinguishable from finite streams and requests which are async. Also, it allows to potentially add `unsubscribe` in the future.

- Methods returning a bool are now mostly prefixed with `is_`. E.g. `is_health_ok` instead of `health_ok`.

### Mission

#### Classes

The separate class `MissionItem` is now just a POD struct inside `Mission`, so `Mission::MissionItem`.

#### Methods

> - Progress is now Mission Progress:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Progress` is now `MissionProgress`:
```
